Group 7, Iteration 1, Use Cases
General cases

1. The persona is an unregistered user, the story is as follows: a new user wants to sign up
for the application with and email and password. On success the result is their account
will be made and they will be redirected to the login page. A test case is that a suitable
email and password is provided, an account within the database to be creates
successfully. A failure case is an empty email where the user should expect to be
repromoted for another email, or an email that does not contain an @ and at least one
character after it or they will again be repromoted for another email, or they enter a
password with fewer than 8 characters where they will be reprompted for another
password.

2. The persona is a registered user, the story is as follows: a registered user wants to login to
their account with their email and password. On success the result is they are redirected
to the user profile page. The test cases are that the email and password must be registered
to an account, the user is authenticated and redirected, the failure cases are as follows: if
the email doesn’t contain an @ and at least one symbol after it, the user is repromoted for
a valid email, if the password or email is incorrect it will say invalid email or password
and the user is repromoted for them.

3. The persona is a registered user, the story is as follows: after logging in a user has arrived
at their profile page and views the different features. The result is they can view their
email and role within the system (defaults to regular), they can log out of their account, or
they can proceed to the map. If logout is pressed, they will simply be redirected back to
the login page. If they press the proceed to map button they will be redirected to the view
location feature on the map.

4. The persona is a site admin. The story is as follows: an admin logs in with their special
admin email and password. The result is the admin has arrived at the dashboard where
they can view the total number of users in the database, the emails corresponding to their
accounts, and the time of the creation of their accounts.

5. The persona is a site admin. The story is as follows: an admin is at the dashboard where
they press the logout button. The result is the admin gets redirected to the login page.

6. The persona is a sneaky user. The story is as follows: a user attempts to access the admin
dashboard by typing in /admin-dashboard at the end of the url. The result is they will be
intercepted and redirected to an access denied page where they receive a “You don't have
permission to view this page” message and a button to redirect them back to their profile
page.

7. The persona is a curious unregistered user. The story is as follows: an unregistered user
attempts to view their profile despite not having an account by typing in /profile at the
end of the url. The result is they will be intercepted and redirected to the login page
where they can make an account first.

Map specific cases:
The map shows the user's current location with a blue dot. Click the 'Similar location'
dropdown and select either "Cafe", "Restaurant", "Museum", or "Park". If you select a
category, the system searches for the 20 nearest places of that type. If you select the
"Similar location", the system clears all markers from the map, leaving only the blue dot.
If you click on a marker on the map, the system displays name and address of that
location. If you click on a logout button, it will logout and go back to login page.

Test cases: Similar location feature

Input:
1. A selection from "Similar location" dropdown
2. User clicking on a map marker
Tests:

1. Test for inputs where the user selects a category, and 20 nearest places are successfully
displayed.

2. Test for inputs where the user selects 'Similar location' and all markers disappears from
the map.

3. Test for inputs where no results found nearby

4. Test for inputs where the user clicks on a marker to see specific location details

5. Test for inputs where the user clicks logout button

Output:
1. Markers display
2. Markers disappear
3. “No results found nearby” error message
4. Shows name and address of the selected location.
5. Logs out and go back to login page
